Added text to elaborate more on deploying address (#5509)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/tutorials/how-to-write-and-deploy-an-nft/index.md

    Contract deployed to address: 0x81c587EB0fE773404c42c1d2666b5f557C470eED

> If we go to the [Ropsten etherscan](https://ropsten.etherscan.io/) and search for our contract address we should able to see that it has been deployed successfully. If you can't see it immediately, please wait awhile as it can take some time. The transaction will look something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we go to the [Ropsten etherscan](https://ropsten.etherscan.io/) and search for our contract address we should be able to see that it has been deployed successfully. If you can't see it immediately, please wait a while as it can take some time. The transaction will look something like this:
```
